feat: update the install guides to all work in the same way. (#3234)
timescale/docs: self-hosted/install/installation-docker.md

import SelfHostedDocker from "versionContent/_partials/_install-self-hosted-docker-based.mdx";
import AddTimescaleDBToDB from "versionContent/_partials/_add-timescaledb-to-a-database.mdx";

# Install TimescaleDB from a Docker container

TimescaleDB is a [PostgreSQL extension](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/external-extensions.html) for
time series and demanding workloads that ingest and query high volumes of data. You can install a TimescaleDB 
instance on any local system, from a pre-built container. 

< Skip/>

This section shows you how to:

* [Install and configure TimescaleDB on PostgreSQL](#install-and-configure-timescaledb-on-postgresql) - set up
  a self-hosted PostgreSQL instance to efficiently run TimescaleDB1.
* [Add the TimescaleDB extension to your database](#add-the-timescaledb-extension-to-your-database) - enable TimescaleDB features and
  performance improvements on a database.

<Highlight type="warning">

If you have already installed PostgreSQL using a method other than the pre-built
container provided here, you may encounter errors
following these install instructions. Best practice is to full remove any existing PostgreSQL

> installations before you begin.

Reviewer: I'm not sure this advice is valid, or at least maybe it should be worded differently. Part of the benefit of the docker approach is being able to run many database instances on the same machine simultaneously. In my experience, the most frequent issue is trying to reuse the same default port (5432) for multiple instances. That fails. Maybe we should mention that here instead?

Author: Removed, added comment about the port when the container is started.

To keep your current PostgreSQL installation, [Install from source][install-from-source].
</Highlight>

### Prerequisites

To connect to a PostgreSQL installation on Docker, you need to install:

- [Docker][docker-install]
- [psql][install-psql]

## Install and configure TimescaleDB on PostgreSQL

Best practice for self-hosting TimescaleDB is to install the latest version of PostgreSQL and

> TimescaleDB on a [supported platform](#supported-platforms) using the packages supplied by Timescale.

Reviewer: Why are we saying that self-hosting is the best practice?

Author: Nice point, will update for all platforms.

<SelfHostedDocker />

## Add the TimescaleDB extension to your database

For improved performance, you enable TimescaleDB on each database on your self-hosted PostgreSQL instance.

> This section shows you how to enable TimescaleDB for a new database in PostgreSQL using `psql` from the command line.

Reviewer: The timescaledb extension is pre-created in the default `postgres` database in both the -ha and non-ha docker images. It also gets created by default in new databases in these images.

<img width="1071" alt="image" src="https://github.com/timescale/docs/assets/4974668/f8283ee7-9a60-40fc-960c-4ed169b8deb6">

<img width="999" alt="image" src="https://github.com/timescale/docs/assets/4974668/351168db-e813-4136-9b88-c3bd91c831a3">

Author: Oooh, nice. Updated.

<AddTimescaleDBToDB />

> And that is, you have TimescaleDB running on a database on a self-hosted instance of PostgreSQL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And that is it! You have TimescaleDB running on a database in a Docker container.
```

## More Docker options

The [TimescaleDB HA](https://hub.docker.com/r/timescale/timescaledb-ha) Docker image 
includes [Ubuntu][ubuntu] as its operating system and offers the most complete TimescaleDB 
experience. It includes the [TimescaleDB Toolkit](https://github.com/timescale/timescaledb-toolkit),
and support for PostGIS and Patroni.  The lighter-weight TimescaleDB 

> (non-HA) `timescale/timescaledb:latest-pg14` image uses [Alpine][alpine]. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(non-HA) `timescale/timescaledb:latest-pg16` image uses [Alpine][alpine]. 
```

Reviewer: or link to the non-ha page https://hub.docker.com/r/timescale/timescaledb

> on PostgreSQL 14. To find other Docker tags you can use, see the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on PostgreSQL 16. To find other Docker tags you can use, see the
```
